For my site, I want to create something that I can use outside of this class and use in the future to help me find jobs out of school.
I will create this website to have a professional portfolio, and hopefully show it to future employers.

I will use javascript to implement a "last update" feature and create a slideshow like visual that displays my projects, with their links to the source code,
as well as a description of the projects.

For this project, I will not use a logo and I will instead use portraits to give my page a more professional approach. 

#0526AC, #FFFFFF, and #606060 will be my color palette for my page, as it will maintain a sleek design that is simple and effective.
I will also use Helvetica as my font.

HEADER: Kevin Frehner Portfolio
              WDD 131

Overview:

With this webpage I would like to help users get familiar with who I am and the type of work/project I am capable of.

I am intending this to be targeted towards future employers who are interested in what I can bring to the table.

Some dynamic elements that I incorporated into this website is the use of a "last updated" feature as well as a slideshow 
displaying my projects with links to the source code and a document explaining the purpose of this project and what the development process
was like.

Branding:

My website logo will be a portrait

Style guide:

Primary: #0526AC
Secondary: #FFFFFF
Accent 1: #606060

Typography: 
Heading Font: Futura
Paragraph Font: Helvetica

Normal Paragraph: 
I am a Computer Science Major that has placed an emphasis in studying Machine/Deep Learning. Some projects that have fostered my interest in
this field include my Flappy Bird AI project using pygame and the NEAT module, as well as Finance Predictors using Yahoo Finance.

Colored Paragraph:
#606060
I am a Computer Science Major that has placed an emphasis in studying Machine/Deep Learning. Some projects that have fostered my interest in
this field include my Flappy Bird AI project using pygame and the NEAT module, as well as Finance Predictors using Yahoo Finance.

Navigation:
Home , Projects, About

Content:
Home Page: Who I am, and what my goals to accomplish with my future career/projects, Portraits and project images.
Projects: Desrcibe my projects and include links to a text document explaining what I learned and how I accomplished the projects
Include links to source code.

Wireframes:
Home: ATTACHED IN ASSIGNMENT DETAILS AS IMG 1
Projects: ATTACHED IN ASSIGNMENT DETAILS AS IMG 2
About: ATTACHED IN ASSIGNMENT DETAILS AS IMG 3
